Now you've got a coupon in Brighton also I was amazed how did you manage that
Brighton show
These are the Couture Easter sent you from India this ones I
Bought them here
But they had given them some plates item yeah
Hello
How are you
Jenna
Sit up
Now get me some water
What is this I'm not going to lecture not
Come just to consult about this
Journalism I
Think granny should come here and
Let's see. What is the agenda? How are we going to work it out?
Now which I say now, how are we going to work now to help what should we do?
First my solutions have you there you give me your solution about opportunity difference?
That we should have a formal body formal
People who will deal with the journalistic side
Call it by a name
They are calling in America have given they were named Golden Age international
So you have a formal body then you must have for that a proper
Card system
And a kind of appeal or something letter of introduction
It's a very crew starts work very such a work of Shri, Krishna
Nothing we have to have very clever people in this
Other mysterious
Too much honesty so-called
Which is all dishonest world
Will not take us to higher goals
So to go to higher goals, you have to sacrifice it you know who it's like to see
That we should have only the name of sahaja yoga and we should come out of sahaja Yogi's
We may land up in jail if you start that
So come at something else
You know have a form well with a proper
Message that we are here to contact all the people who have alternatives
To create the Golden Age
On one side
We will have a
Face by which people will think you are all neutral people
And you can have approved to them directly
And on the other side was I
That will do you looking very pale must not look
If it is you now you better give us some rest now
Now after having that phone
And one side you will have a face by week. You can meet people you can reach them easily
You cannot you will have your own cards send them the cards you are International Golden Age people
responsible
Wear a formal dress don't go like hippies
Because we have tried straightforwardly that's it
I will have to save the world. That's our job. That's the real hardwood you have to achieve
By hook or crook you have to serve them whether they'll be all finished
You can't take them out out of the water
By pulling with your hand put a hoop around them and bring them out
Useless blind nonsensical people. They don't want to see the fun what to do
All right
So one side will have a face another side. You will be always in touch of others who are trying to form the alternative
Other gurus either false people other
So very cleverly bring them down to surgery
It's a fifth columnist
You have to enter into them and tell them ultimately this is no good
Exposing all of them
One by one
Because you will be a body a form of a body that
Nobody cannot ask for your bona fide e
When you enter into these alternatives you can just see the point and say this is this
We did that branded that in our street
even they brought in sahaja yoga into some
Problem a little bit and then it was they asked for forgiveness and the whole joke for nowt and the people didn't understand
That's how brought sahaja yoga to a Greek level. Is it a black?
To the big drama they played
And
Actually Terrence wrote against them that these people came to sahaja yoga this thing and how are they blaming us?
Personally that and then it was the base EC drama and then it was said later on that. No, nothing like Sergio you say
Something like that. You have to play
No, simple methods are going to work with his cunning people
extremely cunning
Journalists here are very cunning people to Millican
So now when you are away immediately become formal you can
Find out all the newspapers all the ready terms and go to see them
must have
black suits
yards
With white lines
And with with oil in the head
He's a pure English
that cement I
Mean little mix blood may be. All right, but not too much
but don't take a
person who is from Scotland to an English editor, so there are basic by
Differences the bias is there
So better takers got more squat one to Cottle
Write and speak with a little accent
We have stupid people
All this is done imagine on we should be can you patent this is the job off we should be so many style cities
It's not only that you have to speak about it that it has to go all over who these medias are nothing
But you should be because I have to be witness and they have to manifest it in
Enlargement, they are supposed to be they are placed there for this region
so if they don't do it better you
the other side of it
Before them and use them
Because they are there only for this purpose why God has created them and put them in this position just think of it
How did they get these medias why God has given them just think of it
They are doing all kinds of nonsensical things they are wasting everybody's energy
Into all useless enterprises they don't want to do God's work. So you better be fooled up and make them
That's what they deserve why God has given them all these powers
They haven't achieved anything of their own and they state even a leaf even that they cannot create on their own
can they
Nothing can be created by man on his own tani just to use something from nature so
On one side we have it now there was one polygon he is a failure he is a capillary
So he joined an organization, which was trying to save people from
all other than his fault
He tries to send them and he became quite prominent there
And then instead of said sending them to Catholic churches. He said
And he said let me be your mother like a priest is good idea I don't want to get up from you
But then I can catch a real people spending more. That's how we got then our and all that people even them
And he makes fun of folk made fun of everyone and he's there laughing aloud is explicitly
He's arranging all that
Somebody made him and he said that I've been to these and that
So he said now I think I'm fed up not go to Catholicism. He said did you try third?
You better try that's the last time you tried it
It's a very interesting intelligent man and he comes to my program alright and
Somebody asked him that why do you go to her yoga program?
He said I have to find out there also may be some people not busy. So I must find him out
Tops to see me a very interesting person very interesting is a priest
And also the lady chief lady who is doing the job he's made a resurgence and also this
Marie is had joined that organisation
So there are three surgeries one is then another is the secretary in another is Marty
Who are trying to save people to go to the Catholic Church? Imagine they are actually saving people from Catholic Church
So this kind of a thing you must fall then you must have a very general appeal and you must also find out how
You can approach these people and you should say we have formed such a such
organization here and
Also in America they are going to form another one
So you can see we have branches in America and also in India and branches all over see we can form everywhere
Such branch is not difficult in Sidney and he's the head of that branch. Mr. Brian who has come all the way to see us
You can even have a formal inauguration by the Prime Minister
That remained I must take on hard work
She gave us a bite to eat rhubarb ice, can you imagine can there be anything worse than that?
Must be some sinister joy
So I would suggest that you form a
Very cute over it. All of you are sahaja Yogi's I know if nobody will give up the secrets
Is there anybody who you want the secret?
Please raise your hand
So all this has to be worked out very carefully and understanding that we have to do a tremendous work
We have to save so many people and they are also half hearted
suddenly you find
I've lost one child here and a one child
So it's a tremendous task and do this task you have to be very cautious careful and all the methods that are employed
Only thing you do not do the Sahara I don't kill anybody. That's what you do that will give it to me
You need not tell lies
But you need not tell everything
Everything need not be told to everyone there's not necessary. They do not have right to know everything about us
That's all right. So this kind of a thing we should form now. You all should have degrees those who are there?
So put the only remedies and pids there. Oh
Geez and everything
They are enamored by this movie you can wear a tie pin if you want
Find out all the methods to see and I'll go to a special day a dresser
Some people can even wear a wig I do
I
Take out your rings where you have your mother's humble photograph. I
Bet you take out also settings and things inside you can wear something but not outside
Or if you are wearing by chance to just turn it round. She be careful not to show the photographs
Otherwise, they'll be shocked to see
It's all camouflage but what to do with these stupid fools here we have tried everything to see
Between them we choose. I mean you've done everything that was possible under the sahaja yoga regime
But think they don't want to sit. That was the best thing you starting go straight forward march
It's over at hua hin come back. I do think
You tried with that Archbishop of Canterbury I
Saw the bishop off in London
The bishop the main bishop off in London
Sitting just next to me
He never talked of God. Nothing was talking about gold prices this team that thing
But
He's like the most of the vicar and everything. That was there wine the most of all
40 may not be getting so much you see in the church and
See God you use the biggest cigar and pocketed 2/3 of them
Absolutely when he was wearing the scarlet see that's the color suggested already
In this the book of Revelation the scarlet scarlet color, see how they are wearing Scott
Absolutely frivolous people and they are misguiding all these people so we have to also
Change our dresses and get them into the phone we find some people in there
Now on these clients you start then you
Have a meeting with all these people
here get the name of all the
newspapers this thing that thing and approach them and
Then tell them that we have got first
People who have come to us is sahaja yoga company there may be thoughts whatever it is, but this is what
We found it in Sydney they did
And this is what is the other papers have done it in Guinea bodies think that's it. So why not here?
They can't say no peace because you are going to give the business
Later on. I don't know what sort
Is there any other suggestion
What is it
Anything you are that
No, no Congress should be America make it two inverted nation, but
Whatever you claim. You are that you are higher than all these United Nations or anything for to learn
Whatever you sell not Bolton at all
Is it
Whatever I say it never amounts to go sleep except that you with lots of vibrations
It doesn't matter whatever you say call your UN body will refine it
This is why not
The children that we are working like United Nations only
you immediately become toxic, you know, we don't know I
Don't know that
What do they have all you get?
Such in so many idiots working at great people
Ambassador speak the people that just eat it. They have no brains nothing. I
Have seen go to their house. I
Don't know how how they develop this kind of philosophy
but
Already we went to an ambassador spec
Well, you started telling me something
CP came there was also watching them
So he tasked me Indian language. Do you understand anything what he's saying? I
thought something wrong with
Etcetera then I said wild laugh engine sometime. You said I I don't know. I hope I'm writing laughing at the right time
Well, he was on for half an hour
And his laughter was neither crying or laughing sort of an expression, you know, you don't know what he was going to say
So then another he get free soft
Units after he did they give lectures like idiots. They don't know what they are talking
There are big people
And when they give lectures are so embarrassed. You don't know where to
There's no sense there. So dignity. There's no understanding nothing. I
Mean you will find only one or two persons in an organization sensitive the rest are all idiots
Top top rank
It's possible to understand how they manage to
These are the days of idiots I tell you
These are the days of Indians
If you are an idiot, then you are at a high position that must be because everybody is afraid of intelligent people
see, so I don't think no Prime Minister likes no president likes an
intelligent back to with it because he might be ousted you see
So they want to have media offers, but actually they in that competition they pick up only the idiots
And that's how you find all this problem is that you don't know how to talk to them
You don't know what to say
Within five minutes you will be amazed what?
That they are holding such a big position you have to remember all the time. Otherwise, maybe your driver is better than them
Perhaps they drink too much. Well these parties they
are affected by drinks, or maybe I mean, some of them are supposed to be big a
Educated Cambridge Oxford
But no hot water
All sorts of people big big positions in I
Mean sahaja, Yogi's are also from there. They don't seem so intuitive
That's these people aha like from John Hopkins
Institute and all that see I told with a bar about somebody whom I met from the same Institute I said is anything
how to do they do that can't understand
So you said there are lots of leaders there mother
Our team this must be the reason that all the
Heads of these
countries
must be frightened of
intelligent people so they must be selecting only people who are
little idiotic
And then they can find them on a wrongful to see and then they can always resolve them with some weaknesses something must be done
This must be the reason otherwise, how can you have such a set of idiots all around?
So this is how we have to manage and I think
If you can really form this organization
properly and save these people from the disaster YouTube is there that is
Really the work that one has to very carefully
Understand
All of you should give them some ideas even locally. You see if you go to a smaller place. They'll be so excited
That Oh God such a big organization has come to us and that's how you can impress them
You can use my car if you like
Or we can buy a second-hand what CDs
Or we can even buy a second-hand response
We can get it on a high
We should do all these tricks, you know, I
how you should talk and everything you better study some people or they talk how they stop and
How long they talk how they behave how they impress you can give some tips after all
Not rolls-royce let's have something different one CD, but you shouldn't take that say a
Jeep there isn't
Something either we have to have sensible car
We're not being a small slice is too much for general do something, you know taught you to judge yourself
Something in between
Otherwise they'll think some false would not have given you as a present
He does that
So have something in between, which car you think is best which is journalistic
I've see now. I don't know my impressions wave it over. I don't have that car very much. It's like a horse with
two camels back inside
But see whatever that this must become a circus if he knows all these things so you must have what correcting sweetbreads
But that's pretty expensive
Carabas
So don't use cheap cuts what I'm saying
don't use if not those ROI that you don't have none of us have even a second and your family don't around but
don't use any car that
Would look cheap
Ishtar say
Something good for a journalist to see Association something like that
But you should be careful about that
Car is important
Then your gestures and behaviors you see how smart you pack things and how you get out
and
also briefcases to see
very important
And I'm realize that you carry
Yep, so let's have a training center for that
I'm not so you can get somebody to train you off
What did you do?
In football
No, but you should not sound clear, you know should sound very British I
Mean say like that James one can see women around only successful. I
Think who can teach us that
They would fall gommi well
There are study is interesting to study a manners mannerism little bit to study how to impress
Ask your brother how he does it
God I don't people are distressed in the shadow
Canadian people can be addressed by a pillow but not English
Lester when they go to it who's mainly stock where 40 degrees is the temperature?
Canary gipsy left cut this up all their three places because many too often
But I stupid fresh people here till there are logs which is their game the faster this time so ever
But what to do, that's the meteor. That's the one we have to use. What is food media
We have to move this big in I
Have taken half of their moves by team is China now you tell me what is to be done
on a breslav
Article about you in Australia was in a a
newspaper called Sydney shot
which was
So let's use that on that matter I'll have to be agreement
massage parlor anywhere
But then you to you land up into a place like this
Where there's not half an inch is a holy night and you want to create a Holy Land out of it
Then how what do you do? You have to put your feet in your
Mother it makes no difference wherever she goes third man
I have given all freedom to do what you like publish me anywhere Aquila
Like this girl
Not to our know
She somebody that about a gentle CP that it was not dignified
Compared to mrs. Srivastava dignity. It was not dignified. She's a very dignified and a saline lady, you know, because in the office, I'm extremely
unified
Not with my children maybe I
can
Be very simple then
So they thought that how could it be and this lady has really taken advantage of her or sort of things?
Oh, no rather upset about it. So I said, all right doesn't matter
It's all right, whatever way she has seen me she must have written so I was thinking she should do another article again
About me
Just him and despite that I mean though, I mean she may be clearly I won't say it
It was frivolous, but she it was a little flippant
Flippant is the word just flippin to see it didn't go into details at all or anything. I said the biggest response just tonight
Under what did she do about it?
So she may like to do it again in a proper way
This is once I know another side is that if you must have seen
An article in a magazine, which you were telling me Indian Maxie
Which impressed you very much
Coal is
Did you see that?
You have yet
All right to better send him and get it immediately, all right, you know another thing is his position has come
All right now with
Mr. Cody he wanted to publish a book. He said so
Which will cost fifteen to twenty thousand rupees. It's not difficult to that
In which he wants to write about the experiences of all the people from my childhood and this and that
But my idea was that you sahaja Yogi's should
compile together the experiences
Say of different same one may experiment people to do it many people should be
Say Sydney people should do it the people in England should do it and they should
Write about each and every person you see those who have to write
So those who have to write something about me should send it to say now from Bom Bom Bay
Those who are in Bombay should write to somebody involving
Those who are in Delhi should write to somebody in Delhi who will compile it put it together and put it in a proper way
some sort of a
right to
Vomit people to find out somebody who is of journalistic nature and here
Also
These must be sent to say hevene or someone and the same committee that we have see should deal with this side
To find out what you think is preferred. What is to be given and all the fantastic things that we are afraid even
after
They're saying about the petroleum
Write it down everything and all these experiences can be compared
and the you can put the name as
Miracles off overreach or something like that
And then he can put it the way he lies we should say we supply you for the Chilean from him
Or then he can edit it
And also we can get it published
If he wants polish it let him publish it each other way. He was hurt
We can get it very nicely done for him
But he must publish the book
And the book must win English not in the enemies, is that the main point
But also we should not use very difficult English uses because it should be internationally understood
Not only big sentences complicated and also using idioms
From English literature and things that's no another goes into the hex. Now people are not lips just a
Lot of the people who write our literature and they use all these idioms from the literature
Those who are not used to just do it. How much that you understand?
They try to show off you see that I had average this book and I'm
Best thing is to put directly not using any
Quotations for many literally good you can use it from by building ships if you want
But that is not necessary for living experiences
but just can see that my hand started speaking to me and you can say Christ have said I just I've never
And
That book can be done very well and will be sold all over the world
We can send him an introduction also very beautiful introduction to the subject
So while the sahaja Yogi's should sit down and write all the good things not like this that
half uttered and half a
Lifetime all right, but still I had
With buts and ifs you should not write if you have any buts and ifs in keep each other
So the how fake people should not write it them you sir? You have missed a very nice part
We could like to see what happened
So that you can see that itself. We are forming a new organization
Called Golden Age International for journalistic miss you
Well, you shouldn't also love no matter what you are teaching them should we marry see this
Otherwise will be called as DVD people. The delivery will respond, you know
Just imagine they knew that he used to give
Oh
In this book you can write about people who had a negative approach
like the letter to our to be
shivering
Like unit each other exposed that's the time we can expose them now
The responses introduction first and the responses are then
First give the responses of the gurus who are realized souls how they have acted. They have done this and of
My show means you can write that first is to say there's nothing like a devil nothing no each
Everything is fine. Right as soon as he heard the name of Mataji Nirmala dishes. He said she's the devil
Otherwise Devi did not exist
Yes, I know we should say I went to this fellow and this happened that happened this book I
Mean you can say
That we had many people one after another
We had series of things you see with us
I think I mean has got some of these things that this fellow from Denmark had sent. Have you got
Why did cleaned up on that also
Attend let us find out so you can mention that
Although there were so many indications from people. We could not see
Even this fellow said this is the mantras meaning we could not see you see some other than our mind was like that
So to prove that there was a kind of a position or a kind of air
Curtain on our head that we couldn't see him though. These were pointed out to see nobody bothered because one
Gentleman who has floated him long time back from America though. He didn't understand the subtler side of it, but he gave the growth side
This was really remarkable that people could get over it
how he made money how he had to embezzle money for him and
How many?
millions and millions of dollars
There to take up everything he had given that later with that himself
And he also said that if I have mentioned anything wrong let them prosecute
But nothing happens
And about women how he had relationship with women and all that he did mention I
Don't know if those papers are there or not, but it was so cool, huh?
The name of the fellow
That's running things were like that which whereas he says we are given to Peter to see which have kept them
But if you can't find whatever it is that they were warning coming all through you see anybody who is intelligent and see this
And convert
But nobody listened to it. I
Mean you all thought that you are doing for as a cause of CCD
world government imagine
He because he made the whole show such a me with the show was such that you had to be
Now you having to that?
14 year one is it?
Now this one also
he's got
15,000 disciples even now even now he speak
And he calls himself perfect. Cool
One of his disciples came a Tony does know even how to say perfect is a perfect. Perfect guru
I am a perfectly was repeating that word again. Anyway, and this fellow the English and you had to translate it and
the Queen of Spain complained to the
to the ambassador of Spain Indian ambassador of Spain
That it's a shameful thing how we can send such a man to our country
He has just finished our young generation. The whole race is lost
Nobody listens, you know, that's the trouble
He's a perfect guru perfect I made them mad you don't delegate selfish
So the whole book would be
Where are the seaters? Where are they lost what has happened to them?
Everything can be covering this in a video with me
Tragedies
Industry
Please leave a review is easy to be a Christian
I think that's probably going in the next or next that one is you know, because we sent it
It's I also have got some of the words
Lunch was translated I all together so that's going in as well. I simply remarkable
I am a cosmic confidence true. It's by one of these Christian sellers
There's quite a good there is lots of any size without the way he is brought in with the writer
Anytime
Anybody who finds anything like that in writing
In his state see what you can find out like we can say that they send about three taboos and
Theta waves you only get it from
Epileptic patient
Very carefully without involved in people, who are
Dangerous to us but route you can help
Gurus are all right, there's no how because you can use. This fellow's name on over but not people like say
We can say down
Like say some Prime Minister is it war with
TM, for example we need not bring his name
Because they won't like it and they'll try promise such people so we can around the
President
Before this was what was he he was a
that Baptist Church somebody was from the Baptist Church was president of America was that
Doctor
Also these churches you see you can point out that I one person can say I've been like you and talk about these
What 7:30 or what in resources the Pentecost is no, I'm asking now 20 postures
There's a
International. Oh, there's an organization called
Family Action
information and rescue already formed and it's been run by MP called pourers and he
comic service employers and his phone is an organization and as you be
affected
the model they do
if they
If anyone's been detected and area
You can ask them can one ask what do you have to say about visa, but we can interview that
And that's very much like the movies in that needs to take
teenagers and young people and keep them totally out of contact with the outside world and
Keep them cut off from their parents and all this sort of things starvation diets and sugar buzzing all these techniques they used to use
So I was told
To help the parents who had lost their teenagers with young adult children
To get them back to the D program and get the brainwashing out of them
And they've got lots of useful information
my dad won't see them what you see as an organisation of n1 students is very
Skeptical
You see but they can be quite confused right in you like this fellow
I went to see him John will tell you I told him all against these so-called religions
And ultimately told John that we cannot have an interview at length because people don't like to hear about religions and he made it
Is he your job
All right, right whatever I did to say whatever
You say you have an interview with mountain broadcast but in Lawrence Spicer
The interviewed mother
Solely, because sahaja Yogi's wrote letters to mr
Spicer out of interest from his previous interview so we can need to be filled up on what we've already done on this show
Interest as sahaja Yogi's with just as people
Not only sell Yogi's but you start to put non-sahaja yogis. See they didn't write at sahaja Yogi's all of them
So why we should not say sahaja Yogi's wrote
we should say there was a big him because he asked him that he should come and
Between us in the secret of
The 15 minutes interview now
You can also write about you are know that or not just we had a lot of for this one. All right you can have
All right
On the right
She got up at 4 a.m. They must have thought that you see surgeries are supposed to get up at 4 a.m
Also not spicy recorded an interview between John flower and Western in fact even Christian who please grant this
Interview will be broadcast in September and is mainly concerned with our attitude towards Jesus and the Ten Commandments
Clip grant was not negative
in fact
he said in the interview that he thought sahaja of the sounded good because we follow him believe in Christ and by the
Commandments but because his vibrations were tricky they seemed best to be diplomatic and not confront his ego the result of his
Diplomacy maybe to make sahaja. Yoga sound rather Christian
But Kollek Christian eating was given limit. Yeah
That's why he did that and the other things we wrote a letter to US my pals who wrote various articles and books
One article mastiff Aria. That's the father
That's appearing in The Observer
We said that we were certain we had found the truth and wanted a professional objective and discerning journalist to investigate our claims
Dissatisfied with our authenticity write an article we have yet to hear a reply
Now that you won't fuck off with you, but with this organization
To write personal letters to people important
No doubt well one addition to all important people better write important
TV producers
How did this nothing
Nothing then won't even allow me five minutes there
No, but let it be done by this organization, yes
But you see that failure can be done by this organization
I'm deaf. I'm sure
The would watch it let them do it. You have to wonder but not just now you should not sound that you are hadoo
You can take films of other gurus also under the circumstances you can go and see share Hari Rama
All right under this
Right you ask them questions I
Will give you the proper thing to approximate
Awesome question first of all, very nicely
Then with other
Guru God's we should be prepared practice organization. You can meet them
take their with you and
Give this to these people that
These are what we are going to supply
You are just talking in a very neutral way to people from Hari Rama Hari
And I'll tell you the loopholes and then you ask the questions on them
Like TM people, but the people who have
On the other
We can we choose first of all give him Indian power to make building sahaja yoga to commit then we see how our body would
Because then you are neutral
You can ask him that this is Roman Catholic has done this and that to see I'll give you everybody through codes
So let us prepare some forces on these
He was quite
Himself he did it in contact with his adviser to Indian Affairs
And also a bishop behavior to know also called a bishop in Haven teeth there's also
Would you aware that rostra strategies advise mm
Advanced of the take the point where of the teeth
But you must know where their fall wrong otherwise they'll never advance
So, that's all
Program
How do you do that
is you can you say that your if anyone's messed up in a guru and they have an
organization what they have America import your call deprogrammers
So if anyone's messed up in good and if they phone at the police or or social workers
They put you on to you and then you talk to the person
Who's affected and then you make them better and then you go down
Tada you see muster this organisation also
Whatever you like with loving that won't put them
See in this world whatever you say it has always two sides it's a facade
Everything has two sides
Like if you say this is a place for
People to understand religions and their mistakes or whatever it although he just people will be standing against
One of the aim would be would it to
The people who were the members of Golden Age
International they would indicate to the people that they were in contact with that
They were employed by sahaja yoga for that purpose. That's what I think. You should keep it out
Connection should not do that
But what you said you can do is to get some people
If they come to you to your organization, you should say that you see some people have told us that sahaja
yoga has helped you can track here but
We are not recommending, but if you want to
Confirm that we are a ferocious and PIDs and all that terrible reintroduction
You see you are not to say that it is an
Organization of sahaja Yogi's at all even if they won't ask you your sahaja Yogi's they will never drink me
See, that's why we have no dress. No
badging nothing
Written that class circles. That's why I've never allowed many people used to say let us wear
Put a pajama. I said nothing even the marks you are not to have anything. That's only secretly
Till we reach a certain stage this way so you don't have to sing our surrogates to tell Chelsea is that now?
This is doctor daily
File all right doctor name fine then. Mr
And this that and also you can add up the IDs and all these things
This is what they respects not sahaja Yogi's they
Think Sergio give needs there must be some criminals using the carrot think that sahaja Yogi's some good people
they cannot think of such people who can be really
They always
fail to be impressed
On the depth of knowledge. It's a knowledge of God
And this is self stands up. They don't think to ask where you've got the credentials for
Yourself election say about Lucy when I saw Jogi speak see me even a little girl
Like an Obama when she speaks people are amazed. How does she go?
Every centers that you speak help that sparkle. You see they all know you do not say
If there is a beautiful rose somewhere he you know, because it's fun
You know the fragrance with that they mean no it is something great
You need not say you are sahaja Yogi's by saying that we have achieved nothing with these horrible means
Yes, so let us go in another way
You see if you talk of
The flower nothing works out so talk of the fractals by
Flower they are not interested but us have let them have your friend
This is another one you can impress by Tula
And we have a part of the organization something research into nuclear aspect how to
See when you are international see I'm going to
But you see peace cannot come from without peace has to come from within
See if you don't have nuclear weapons. We'll have some other way now Americans are
Look at them. They are selling their weapons to all other countries at a very cheap rate. You see, what is this?
this is even worse than having atomic bomb because atomic bomb for once for all finish everyone see
But this is very bad to make everybody fight
So there are ways and methods
Under say it's a temperament it's an attitude. It's the inner circle being which is not flat pieces
They're violent, but they have no peace within
Actually they enjoy
Enjoy
How to deal with people
Through our connections with them. They come to sahaja yoga. They see us as
as the speakers
Because they seen us as as a representative of both International and NEC as Napoleon
How we should deal with that situation?
You should let people from outside
You see for example, you can go to Toronto and let the Toronto people have any me know
This better
But is not a brand can say I've come from Sydney on the way and we've done so much
There in Sydney so much as attached we have found out these and all that who is going to find out about it, right?
So in New York you work for sahaja yoga we
Need to make like cut clients are willing to pay money
See you only one client that is sahaja yoga
They don't pay any money
Nobody means we have a client as such. How can there be except for these boos?
Because we talk against them they're not piercing I don't think this question will arise
This client
In this in this relationship we are generation
You see what will happen now, we'll have let's see. We will either go to these gurus
Alright, so they come to because we are saying we are giving alternative this thing, but when you will go and see them
All right, we will give you a publicity this thing that thing but we tell the truth
You should tell them that you see we are here
But we tell the truth because that's what we have written in our this day
and you try to see the truth in it you see so they would like to have you there because we have a
sort of a position to tell the truth you say
So you can go there are any journalist goes and he can say whatever he likes they cannot stop. So you worship the
Flaws of that thing and then you can write about them and tell about them
This is what we have seen
So there won't be I mean if they they force I don't think they'll pay you for telling all these things but even even
if they pay
You can tell them that our see the voluntary organization and we are doing this one III work
Like that or if I take the money what so we throw it in the tips for this it itself
If somebody comes along once a publicity campaign about self
so
Well public relations flow as well as selling something like so how'd you get it could also sell
We won't have any magazine or anything. Yeah, but in the same way that
The members of the organization could go to the media
Trying to interest them in
publishing material about sahaja yoga
That facility could also be used for other
Money-making concerns like a surf making firm could come to the Golden Age Internet
to employ that
organization to
give cheap set
Quality image or
You see there is the possibility of a
legitimate business and honest business around the dishonest
What Michael is appointed Michael is raising
In other words, it could be the possibility of some members of the organization becoming
totally involved
and financially
I see what I'm saying these things again. Take you to the same. So the year escape
See now you can play out certain things like
Something like that we can see that
We can have a
Say we can get some sahaja Yogi's to say that
This special type of sugar is vibrated for us
Has done you good so you can refer to some organization saying that this sugar is available from this state or say
Genuine things like genuine food or something, you know mean more of the genuineness
If you can work out say soaps now are made here about horrible chemicals if you can get something
Genuine you see
On that could be done later on like that whichever is genuine thing, but we have to test it and see for ourselves
Things like that we can work out. If you go to them should be genuine stuff, which is helpful
otherwise you see we cannot go on for anything cheap type thing like
For liver patients we can say we have a medicine or something. All right
For you all right
Mother I used to be
an illustrator
I
might worthless in the New York Times and
Psychology Today and so forth and I've been wanting I've been wanting to use my artwork in some way
I know it has the potential to be beautiful if I was working for a good cause such as dodgy
Oh and not just my own
my own feelings
Is there any way that I could help that I could this says they will make full use of it
I'm going to use all of you, but this I'm already using
All right
You have to find out all the talents in this kind of world to see but
Now for example David's father is so too honest a fellow I must
He may give in your secret, I hope David you have changed a little bit it's too straightforward
You cannot believe them so you have to play a drama you have to be an artist to play that reminds me
I'm a myself hopelessly back so I'm out of it
You say I just can't do it and just love people so don't take me but you have to be careful
If you give in the secret, then we are all take few. But those who can keep the secret
All right, at least when you are representing it outside, you have to be very careful
So to see all the sahaja Yogi's know each other immediately
there's a lag gap all of them sitting there and just start giving the bundle as I have it you see I
thought of
Anybody like
Cunningness I should say this horrible cutting people, you know, you have to be very careful if you start
giving out your secrets by any method I
would say when
Phil is another very over honest fellow you see
So you shouldn't try to be over always to see here over on us
Then they find you not a fact that we know this is the one
To do some practice in drama. Have you ever taken part in a play?
Oh
Very much. What about you David did you?
Know you better practice little drama. See that's a good idea all those who suffer from over honesty because
conscience and all that we are beyond all that we
Have to save this firm
Search term in the Stars. We can't go on playing with all these
Few bits of things that we have. We have to have the major thing. You have to do something about
You could dice the issue will come
There is Olympia one
You didn't know what
If you nicely alright hmm good
But you wet yourself, do you know that
Handler would see
She has got her hair like her mother always combed the hair of the children backwards
We use the comb or brush for
well
That's what you must do - small little brush and give it to me for vibration
I think must be on her just average the problem
That's how you discover
You must use brush for children
a popular area of television which is
Circled in depth look at some topic
For instance a program perhaps half hour program on Hill
On such a television program
Would you be willing for instance to talk on aspects of health?
in a program which would contain
So-called medical experts who would in fact attempt to refute the things that you were saying the interesting is that
Just now issues will come up yourself. See if you put me there also
Yoga there everything will be shocked and then you find you but first you have other people you see
Build them up bring other gurus to them like that and the way you didi
Okay later on I can be there. But first you prepare it now
Don't that
Any other solutions
We have fried it you see what we did was over, dr. Sivana
he was there on the kid Cancer Research and
She wanted to talk about it. He is doing that and
He wanted to tell other people nobody was willing to listen to it, and they thought he was going to matter
What is he was there he was doing that
Nobody knows about it. He was doing research in
When he went and told them that this is possible this is this they said no no resolve no matter how can that
Because they cannot believe there is something higher source from where you get all
You see they all thing in then ego behavior that it is all their own achievements
They do not want to believe in it because their existence will be zero
See they asked me in India that if I make this institute for research we get a big
What you call donation from the government but trusted what is there to be research here? I'm an avid research everything
I have know everything what is there to be research in sahaja yoga
And what do we are we going to do be the donation that them there was no land nothing but even then you see
They want you to research
And the organization is for research. If you say there's a solution then either prevention does not it
They are not really doing it actually to find out so they are
How would you make the program you already have
So where can you be these programs that would be on the contrary you go and talk to them as a neutral body
All right, you tell them all right
You would like to study you would like to this is one of the alternatives we agree accept
But after all we are journalists we have to witness for all right
You guys I see there loopholes and you put them up. I have never done it
They are exposed all the Guru's like this in the state
That's very simple
Now first you do this then you come to sahaja yoga also also criticize it in a way
Which is not really please remember to great about
What did you criticize her Yoga for what did you say?
Related to
Some of the practices like
Foot surfing and and time and soul. That's right. It was very time consuming a lot of people gave a lot of time
In other words, what are you going to do time when you go to the pocket of the time of something or
You see what I'm saying? That if anybody wants to refute it, it's very good. We really want. Otherwise we are more stupid
So what you can say say, for example if you want to criticize sahaja yoga
I get kinda
Selected you can't see from the finger
You can't say one thing that there are some people
Who still are not
Anywhere near a good person or something that you can say that
But some of them look excellent many of them really
So maybe there is an inner circle some sort of a doubt
Everything is not
Like that you can put it in
You see something to say that there's something secretive about these people a little bit
everything is not born first, perhaps
It is said that all knowledge will be exposed to you, but partly is known
And everything everyone doesn't know that's what we gathered from some other people who are saying that we are not allowed to certain functions
Or something like that. So you see a class consciousness is there?
That we have some social is to raise their years
Or
But when I are somebody he told me that he came to this face when he was done later
See, this is the first pretty slow then we diffuse
And somebody can go and say I was just dying when I came here and mother saved me. So I do it perfectly. Alright
You see that is the second away you should give them some photographs of when you came
Before and after
First you must educate them what they should expect
First you have to tell them what they should expect wrong realization
No, no, no, you can cover it with a paper or something eat up silk cloth
Then 25th, you will give them realization
What you don't realize Asian how will you make them understand
No, you can say after say halftime you can say that let's try if you can
We have public meetings they're always invited but you have public meeting every week
When this course is from people who are coming some public meeting
Well the idea arose because Tian was doing introductory
We
See as we will because a lot of people were very displeased with the TM plus they know it was an absolute ripoff
Now what you can do is to talk to them that
You see
this is the thing this month this Kundalini is here this thing that
But a mantra unless and until it is awakened
By a realized soul is relatives
This is you must write this stage has to awaken mistake you like that you can tell them the preparing
but it is to be awakened and this should happen to a person and if it happens and
Then if it has I mean when we have the publicly
What do you do that
I'm in
The how do you say these people won't come to the publicity
These people won't come to the public meeting
How do you stop them coming to the public meeting well
Then what can you do?
That was the point we open our service is that lecturers free
but other education institute will charge people to come under force or
If we can say to them that the public meetings are in
How many people come for public meetings you writer
And how many will be coming for your course
I know the mother charging mother TM experience
Now the public meeting of these 20 people is always twenties it they don't increase
So let us not have it as a public meeting there you are
See I would say this one you started -
So it would be so why do you have any public meeting at all?
Why I am saying for these twenty sweet sweet if they have a big party, what you can do is to have them in Dodgeville
And he's not advertised
Let us see that what sound better
If only 2-3 people are coming every week you see
Supposing they get about fifty people for this
Kind of a training center
Then best thing would be that they should go for the training center
And you should have your thing in - from now. You've got an actor just like as you have here
I told somebody else to form
It's alright feeling from I think young
Bring me a you keep plate. All right, I'll take it in that Anita because this is too much fun
Yeah, we'll keep it here. I'll take out immediately. You know that you played turn. Yes. I
Look so big, but I don't know
All right, so this is a good idea now
What we can do is to have this force down there and just like as you are having here
Because in the public meeting now as you will be busy with Geneva and all that also, isn't it?
You saw Joe he is 20 or whatever it is. Then we get some people in the ashram we got food there
So yoga center and is in a public media and let the people come down there
And also I don't think giving realization so quickly is a good idea. That's what Christine. Peace
But mother if you give them so quickly they get lost or in my presence is all right
You can always sit with mothers with the realization is not so they think it's something special
Otherwise, you know what happens that they think oh, you can give realization. You can user they have no value
You see because their value system is wrong. First of all. Secondly, they have no sense of relaxation
So better to prepare them for it and then give me you see if you give it to a man man say five powers
What does it make?
It's like that
We practice about nightingale a
And hopefully I
win today's
Wednesday
When they have this
Good idea because you see free practice with them they will give you ideas. Literally I
Saw that what you keep. Oh
Good, I can do that here will be good and everybody can give you ideas
Just taken away the whole food. Oh, I see otherwise, I thought it's either the whole or nothing
I sometimes don't understand the language of sahaja Yogi's
Thank you, but I would like to have a sponsor all right. Yes too much easy
If I see too much, then I would eat so better bring a small plate that I'll take something. Hmm. Thank you
That's a good idea you practice it here so that will be corrected we know what is
Now what we can have this golden age one can organize a
Program inviting people to
Come
from all kinds of things and to prepare papers
and to read them and
Then the sahaja Yogi's should be in the audience
And they should ask questions
with other people
Here in London, I don't know what they do. That's all
But
They have been organizing
yoga seminar something inviting people even from India, so
What we can do for alternative living we can organize one
and there
We can get sahaja Yogi's to ask them directly to
These people, and also I sahaja yogi should give a speech who is not a member of this
secret group you say
Properly not
Openly not at all. Not at all, but it can happen openly also in a way because when it will come to sahaja yoga see
it's so saying that it's a dark night and
The people from your family are only serving so have it it's like that
see the dark night nobody sees
And your family people are serving all the food so you have the best
like that
Yes, it is obviously did not or apparently tis not we can say but really it is
Otherwise, what are we interested in? Not only sahaja yoga, but
saving of people I
Mean you have tried everything else, isn't it? Laughing?
Nobody listens first, we are nothing
Just to be honest, ooh
And we imagine this college how far we are gone
And I hope you get that book coming from somewhere
Well this some people
get the
board, you know when we approach him and we talk about
religion, of course most people
Get bored
Vibrations but some people
Know as well as
I can I when the sahaja Yogi's I
Want to teach Sergio can spread sahaja yoga must undergo an under?
training
what to taught how to draw how to honey
Is very important and those 26 lectures that we are going to have your head
Whenever it is possible, I would also like to come see
How it works out what what we should talk you have one of these subjects somebody should handle
How should we talk to people now? Should we begin?
See, let us understand the master. We have to approach them the way they are
I mean do whatever made you think proper there's no objection for that, but you have to understand the whole thing
And talk about that. I should go into that head
Andy hold a
picture inside
And the people are really in a richer condition
Try whatever is possible that summer work. They're not bothered whether we save them or not. Because how far can you go with them?
Let them then
Be there with ya. We come up to a point, isn't it?
Say at the same time if I spend in India because see thousands of humanity
But here you go on pressing them and asking them for distillery were just on their head standing what to do
Another can go
Very insensitive lethargic
And condition
These shopping
The idea mother is
Is this right that sahaja Yogi's approach seekers, but the golden age
Promotions golden ages. Yeah, not only remove young people who can they are for the track?
We are for media
Everything has to be worked out to the making
That's better
I
Can't you see it's like you see asking a job
From someone
Will not oblige people
But he feels he is obliging you
Then all the time you with it our God such an obligation like this
But as a member of this thing
You can do a lot. I'm sure because otherwise helping or that just trying to oblige you personally
All the time they'll be
Having that in your mind. So best thing is just to tell them that actually we are obliging them. I'm not they
See what
The hams brother without a surgery jump our mother but these are managing some
public relations
when Joshua
He did your job very well
right person
That could be done later on just now we are not to be I need to find a surgeon this one
But you can say that that's what the sahaja Yogi's say
what try not that you are certain
The text we see we just say that we are here as public relations Laura
For alternative systems even further
Hasn't once
If supposing the Catholic Church want us to help them I
Have class right now
the important
The Archbishop's of Canterbury wants to have so much into mine. I'll kill them
Stupid people
Even though we know that he was wrong in many ways
I mean just imagine how stupid their ass. Yeah to allow him to be in the Bible. How is he there?
What are you gonna find it?
Best was our
Archbishop
They asked him do you believe in this?
In the Immaculate Conception, is it about I'm agnostic
Very honest
Why are you there? Nobody asking you cannot teach? You cannot answer the questions. And why are you sitting there you get up?
Exactly said ah
Somebody asked me well, do you really believe that Phi Sigma said he said, um, I have to have told you already
Know that nothing for everything
But to him to study the social order or maybe a state of hair, I don't know whatever think about that
More a question of how much violence to get
Produce Panda how many
Buildings have got how many birds have got how many bulbs you have got to strengthen
Its at level crystal it is only that less people
Are busy counting all the plates in the house all these cups in the house that sort of them. What's a household?
Charity
Could be a company but we don't have to deal in large financial
Basic
Voluntary system something wasn't to do
Well it a voluntary organization the voluntary arise
Because for charity we have no money
Neither we take not give so no question charity goes hand in hand with money, but voluntary work anybody can do
Voluntary organisation
Dunno so yoga has no organization
a
Partially, I dunno
Now people do not turn it into my never get stuff
Well, can I be
Having secretaries and all that
I don't think it would be possible
Hmm now so come to other problems of other problems that you have in
Gaza
What's the problem with re what happened
We should
You see what I'm saying, I'm telling you one
Who were in India?
now they have got something settle down try to appreciate don't try to
All right
No tomorrow somebody comes from Timbuktu now he comes here and then you say you should not be the world. That's not possible
So if you want to be kind to me just accept Isis order these just now. All right
now while talking is
open because I always
get pestered by one person telling me another thing and under
know about make
People have objection I know that they have
Hospital or about Kerry and Nick getting together also people have an objection or some sort of
now that
Way you will have optician far away, I don't say it's perfect. He must be long she must be hot-tempered in the time talking
But he's not here to give you realization or me. He's just there to maintain the mobility
All right, so you don't have to fight with him all the time and say this sea should do that. Usually whatever he's doing
He's not doing anything to harm. Maybe a little voice there. Definitely. I do not say that. I do not challenge
There may be some ego something working it out
But for that you should accept that after all these before this world is staying here in screen is very methodical
He doesn't give our mother Amy
For you people you are free in anything because you love but your space you can always develop your spirit
What difference does it make whether you sleep in this room or that way?
Do not make issues of nonsensical things for sahaja Yogi's does not be do I do like that
Did I ever say that I would like to sleep here or sleep there
So one thing must understand we are sahaja Yogi's we are not
Ordinary, we have to behave like safe how much the states bear what how do we know say by the way?
They are bearing power. They are preparing power the way they are simple the way they are
Living with less things the way they are sacrificing
We are Saints and I don't know what sort of things
All right, I agree even if I say that technique is dominating or if doing something like that, all right
Let's somebody organize
Like that will not allow anybody to be organizing if everybody has a say in the matter
How is it going to work out? But your babies they're absolutely free if you want to enjoy the freedom
Wherever you are whatever movement wherever you stay if you are free people
You will not create problems those who are not free with it wrong. It's the simplest
So no more following on this point, I want to stay in this room and that it's too frivolous and not to involve me
It's not so if I am always involved
So take everything for granted if you don't want to diminish them you can go away
But now let it go on don't give me a headache you have too many things to do
So nobody should give me a headache
When I find Nick his absolute uses are some dares to do but I'm sure when the others that person comes same probably
because your evils are there and if Nick is
Organizing you think that is something greater than you. That's the problem. No, not at all
You might be a much greater residue be than he is much greater
But he's the one who as time is doing the job. It's all right children
Why do you interfere you easy job. I'm not talking about you or any
Maybe that you're right. I have not seen you are not maybe you're right. Maybe tell
But I am told that some people in the ashram believe that there should be no overriding
About living together. We are not reached that stage
You have not reached that stage when you reach that stage where you don't need any organisation like these leaves are simple they don't need
they grow according to the laws of
Who they dominate and who they trouble anybody
But when you become that loudly in the spirit in your father's domain
Then you don't know how beautiful you there won't be any problem between each other
Now supposing say somebody said X is very good and the Y's will be back
Til it is not alright, the Y has to be. All right
The X should not be satisfied with what he has got see something really should not Y has to be. All right also
So what he has to do is to pray for you meeting with you what you want, but you cannot just say that oh
I am very good. The other one is no that's not the way sahaja yoga
Everybody now say my finger is safe. I won't say cut off my finger. That's all right
I'll try to improve we try to save as much as possible. So
That relationship will only develop if you really work out in that way
but if you don't want to work out that present there will be
No more angles no more than personal
Now try to quiet in yourself and be peaceful ashram has to be a place of peace
Where peace should decide?
God has been so kind to me. Just imagine you are living under such a rule
I can't even think of such a thing in modern times. What a beautiful thing. They have done here. Just look at this
Have you ever noticed what God has given you to be under this roof? So beautifully done for
such a beautiful
count your blessings
If this is important
When you are a realized soul you see nothing but we clear out
And then you give you if you give ugliness then you are not a sahaja yogi. Yes here to better improve yourself
Why are you talking?
And Nick is not the last one so it is not maybe the first one
But he is the one who was available, which is good at organizing
So I asked him to ominous now you both all of you give you my dear
Other words every moment you do something you shall give up. Will you take up from him? Mr. Harry? All right
So that nobody why I am just telling you because just now the problem came from me
But you are not the first one. This is that I think the eleventh you
So now as he is doing if you are all busy people let me
Let you meet the baby is doing it just listen to me nothing important what is important in your spirit, isn't it?
Keep your attention on to your spirit and not to these realities
And I tell you I have seen in the West people just are trying to find ways and methods of colony. Really
as a meat connoisseur, you follow both of this just the same thing, but
it's only just to find something if your
Father did not do it. Then your grandfather was different like sort of a thing you it's very back tension and very bad attitude
Towards each other not of mirth and happiness enjoy and understand and enjoy
That time more to be free furniture
Um when we go back to New York
We're going to try to get an optional bed and I was wondering I'm treating you so hard here any amount of time
I've been here
I'll give you two the laughington if they get an extra in New York. Maybe you live there
Thank you very much thank you, huh. We watch your baby
So
What is the future what did he say the last
Nobody's going to leave that
All right, why not everyone you see some new ones are better than the very old ones are similar
Sometimes they can act like snakes and either they take it for granted. They think I don't understand
You old all these things do not exist in sahaja yoga as long as you love me your aura
Also this idea more than
Better get rid of it
26 weeks are sufficient to
make you
if you are one day sahaja, yogi are already old now, but if you are amico then are when you old
And then if you are three weeks on then you are absolutely mature fool fool
You don't need more than three weeks to be a real sahaja yoga
Some of them just get a split of a second
Yes, what is it don't kill you rates, yes
Yes
What is
Chaya water husband's ethnic are those for sceptile logo so many covergirl
artists
Westminister people to send by
letters to me
48 Brompton square, huh? That's why I said you could be her. I don't know how much money is there. Nothing
It's all going to him a channel who is collecting money for traveling. Is there anyone
Bugged on McDon you are putting in Westminister things
All right, is he getting the reports from there
So dad to me so you please ask him to send that 248 dr. Square because I would like to say
Known as a media
Moon a cheese coach or did you Macario city bank follow sacado?
Information very fast. We need to come up your high cabbage. I am no idea
You gave me just to check good, but I think I can also write isn't it?
the bank
All right knowing if you make the letter I decided let us send it to him and get it
You see because I have no idea how much money is there
You took some money out
For our traveling a little bit and I don't know whether they have returned it or not. I don't know
I guess it does happen about
Also Bank, people are funny if you don't take the accounts immediately
They don't give you and if you ask them, they'll say alright, you give us money for that
And also it's quite confusing isn't it? So best thing is to keep day-to-day account is the vector
It's happened with some another backpack are
See first it was sent to
Ashley Gardens
Now that's sending it to me regards ARCA
Kalyan second opted chili there and the Govan will also write I will I will sign them so
I can concern Pathan because I don't know what to do
No, whatever
How am I going to Scotland
But then what about any car there
a
Police might find out from field
Whatever money or John here, you'll need it for their expenses, whatever have things because they're still you
Never got a job
Who else was Macallan wanted to go there?
Susan wanted to come but I thought for the time being that is the beginning so I mean
I think you should little bit look after that more time, you know, whatever it is
Now would you like somebody to go down to talk to the media people? They're
Interested would then you
Yes, Brian should be taken help up. He will give you all the idea. We just wanna live forever
That's very important. That's your job isn't to see to it that you form this organization. You see how they shine
This is yours. You must keep the otherwise. There will be a problem
Now what's happening about you Harry you bring me over
Can anybody give him a job temporarily we got
Beautifully, what is it it should be a good job and what did
Not be a permanent
You need not be a permanent
But supposing it is not that
What somebody said that if she can't cover the tourist year she can get married here and then they would not object
So the provision here, I'd appreciate a vision about thorough
Interview there so they will meet you. So if she was approaching now for that
In order to talk to the people you who had employed in that you give us some fear now
You won't talk. Somebody should won't talk for you
That's the best way to avoid the person come back to me Nietzsche never come back you take somebody with you you can talk
Anybody who should say that to see her
For the guarantee of this bad thing, I'm a little
Discouraging landed on we can ask the next to give you a job temper already coming
But he can just offer him a job or something
Be better able to joke with John Fulton
From reading because I think John is trying to sell the company or something. And also it's more in keeping with this modification
Why not try again?
Alright
Good idea alright to talk to you is very responsive as possible. Alright, that's done that
Any other problem? Well, I've been living here for two weeks and
Since I've been here with meditation in the morning hasn't been on time I talk to
others about it and I haven't gotten
satisfactory answers and just say that people don't get up and
Don't understand why or how to correct it what happen?
You don't turn this time what I don't understand why it isn't on
You're not getting the vibration no meditation doesn't start on time
All right. He did all these Lots
Where are they lost all English lost their tail courts have gone but still the boxes
I have patients. We also have patients
They're all not see
Morse ladies
And gentlemen
With lots of object
Stay like that lords ladies and gentlemen, I
Know in the language they're called lots of
Nuts up. So even if somebody is lethargic person says a large table is sleeping still
leave India
We are not
4 o clock program was really very symbolic
See to give the program at 4 o clock in the morning. He must have said that in sahaja, yoga you have to get
This awesome body
Now you must try to keep certain discipline with yourself I said you beat Iran equal to yourself
Nichiren that's only way. Can you open the window?
When I called you lots I really tell you are all angry because to become hot
It's not a easy thing to be realized and it's not an easy thing to be established as a resource, I must say
We have to really work
Physical mental emotional hangs up
This is only physical my child, but they have other souls
And you are do know how one has to manage that. Thank you very much
She's come along
Growing taller
Mother
About television story from Australia about the media. It's tender would I be?
you were
Reminded that we were in Melbourne
and I
Asked you or we asked you if you would come down very early one day take a very early flight, so
that you would be available for the press and for
television
Two of us travel down the day before and
handed out a lot of press reports to the television channel and
to the newspapers
We'd already had a couple of articles in the newspapers, but we had nothing home television in Melbourne. I
Had to meet you Barry I think with something like the plane arrived at 8:00 in the morning so it must have left that
You must have been at the airport since sooner after 6:00
And I had lived a final Club
Nice to meet you in telling that nothing had been lined up
but your day
Looked like being completely wasted one
You didn't question as to who I contacted and I explained that
I've been to
two of the television channels
Had taken the program from Sydney
so they weren't interested anymore and
The other two I had to bring back
As to whether they were
Would
Do an item
So you were very gracious and went off to the house
The felon in the house was out of order and
So I had to get out in the car and burn my fan box
It was about the fourth fifth or even perhaps six red box
Wasn't broken
When eventually I got through to Channel seven I
Was told by the girl that I've spoken to the day before
That oh, I found it. Just the right time
because
she just come in and she was going out again and
Yes, they would be interested in doing a news item and interviewing news
Where would that be?
Immediately inventing I said pop we meet in the park. It was a beautiful day. So
Then I had to go back and I already had to make time as well
And this is something I've never done like so I found myself admitting you to
an interview
At half-past twelve in a park in the middle of the city about 15 miles from where you were
So I was like this
And when I explained to you you said
You looked so disappointed this morning we had to do something
And it was a very wonderful interview extremely relaxed and nice you see
It depends on your state of mind listen to me if I'm here like, that's all
I'm here. That's
me does not matter whether I have to
Have something or to read something that doesn't matter to me at all
Jean I'm here at this point
I've come as your mother. I have to give realization to you
How I do it
That have you doing
So I don't have to worry as to how I do it
When I had faced the problem supposing somebody comes before me he is what vibrations or something I woke up
But it does not matter with me if he doesn't get realization. I don't get upset myself
neither I upset that for another person because if I get upset
He'll be much more upset agree that if mother is upset with me when am I going to get realization of it?
So that will be much more upsetting
But it's not rational with me it's my nature I
Am completely at peace with myself. I have no problem. I am NOT disappointed
nothing
Perhaps there's only one thing that upsets me really
There's anything that really upsets me is I find that there is no pure love between you
That love is not felt that you are not enjoying the love. You see doesn't matter anything you do, but you love each other
That's very important because that's most pleasing
But loving doesn't mean some sort of a
Nonsense, you people know about that's not the thing. Love is a feeling of wonder of unique
or being see
Like Jamel once told me
He came down to Bombay
and he was very seriously even
More venomous he came down to London now London is not his place nothing of the time
As soon as he came to he threw he felt he belongs
basically, and he got all right, and it person and II wanted to meet everyone everybody wanted to
That's one of the things
You are almost people who have not found each other
After so many years of searching for might create problems among yourself nothing at all
the rest I look after you just
Now for the other people like the media's we seem that
You're trying hard my blessings are with you but also it's not yours. Oh you don't have to worry if he does become
Alright, we worked that's all karma, Nevada Cara your job is to work happily
stay when you
You will not just so you will not sort of be a speedier will not be lethargic
Nothing, if you stay in the center your speed will be so well balanced that you will not hit anyone
But you and everything will move
The relationship has to be established to say see, you know tardivo
the relationship with the be the relationship with the switch relationship with
clutch and
With the accelerator legs and all these things
Loretta's everywhere is fixed like that. You see and you move with them supposing they all start moving in different direction
what will have
First establish your relationship
That's very important. I be telling you
That's first thing and foremost thing is to establish your relations. Alright?
With outsiders and much with outsiders. There's no problem
Because you see they are not interested. Why should you worry now?
This thing may have formed it's really because we would like to drop with them a little bit. I
Don't know. How many will be sent with this. I don't know. Let's see, but it's a big joke
No, you have to play with them. Let's see
See
Creation is not if you are
Making any one beings are not
But making sahaja Yogi's averse difficult. It's the most difference
You have been made Yogi's in the sense. You have got realization. That's over circle
Make coups are Yogi's is not easy
So prophet and the prophet work has to be done with peace with understanding
Sometimes I really also for my irritation at things because and I find that you are so effective but at
The stage where we are now, I feel quite happy in confidence somehow I had a feeling that there's not so much
Distrust and domination now with in sahaja yoga. It's not so bad
Once it is established. I have nothing to worry about see we have to be a solid
Personality once we have that we manage
We manage everything no doubt we can't meet
But first this is one of the many big things we have done
And moreover to see the master people have a very great response. I
Can get thousands of them in English. But today we have to fight the intellectuals we have to fight
against it we have to fight the
Country see the big people so far with them
these emotional people
the people of Syria who are
emotionally bound who are emotionally higher
verified
Imagine that a person
Like say Dumas meets your president. He will just say the madman
Were you making me talk to eat with you? Just give him up?
He just said this magnet why have you brought me to talk to this? Madman?
That's all the male journalist but back at work, but an intellectual will know because he has gone through all that madness so he knows
It's only he can retrace him back not too much the one will just say what this mad move a madman
That's all we've done many times like this
That's fine
because if you have to save these people then we have to have very
Good. Sahaja, Yogi's you realize
You have problems all those are them they have to be worked out
But develop certain of God
habits is one of them means father is very peaceful, but
Pace is not fast. She doesn't jostle people
Try to become a condom
And that's only possible when you are solidly holding each other's hands
Then there is no
Agility or agitation or just
Pick me up from what?
I forgot I thought some policeman is going to pick me up on
Making cut
Are we can somebody can drop me?
All right
Somebody can drop me let it be because he come on the way and then who is better when you drop me there
Are you going that side?
all right, so
What's the other thing
How do you teach?
You take a pain and functionary
You just talk to them and tell them not how you achieved you see mostly their media they have media copy
They are not intelligent bright people, you know mediocre
Absolutely worried about the wants of people you see must have if somebody has a car
You must also have a car if somebody has these you must have this sort of very know them
What can you talk?
Because to talk to their level a victim
They're themselves will come one day to sahaja yoga because not easy to have pointing somewhere. It's
Very low level
I think the lowest level people go to quality sent it to parties because they think they are more significantly like they're useless
So they think that's the best place to go and show your significance. I tell you the Richard is people do that
And those who are good people will never outshine. I
Mean I've heard your politicians, I don't tell you much of that
No, no
They will just have jokes about
Now a Queen's party works out sort of thing up nothing serious I
Think then it's no connection between them and reality
They don't know then they will never experience tightly what they're talking about
Even the Socialists when they talk about this and that they are not known forward
They don't what are the plans of our time just they're talking us to make a business out of it. That's
If you ask them give your one-fourth to somebody we like it
You have to be extremely generous and compassionate to be associated step one of them
It sell you self-appointed business is you get more how to get more is saying that thing and then do what bring?
What get boots in the house invite them feed them? What do they need money?
Everything is money oriented and absolutely low level very low level
You see food listen to the news especially in England, I don't know what they do another country
Then you strike one thing then the founders gonna come down. The dollar has gone and comes out
Gold prices or they are asking for so many percentage higher they are asking for so much positive
I think there was you losing country. I'm sure
The way they are fighting I mean nothing is for cents in whatever
Half of the losses that 10% child 15 person for what?
And that too they're so miserly whatever money they have they don't put into something fanciful at the most
You won't even find their nice teeth up with these not even one nice
Teeth why you our industries are going down because nobody wants to buy with you. Only thing that we go up is
Whiskey or something like that
There's no cultural
Look at this
I'm with some of your readers a surprise that I am a happy person
You know, they're unhappy people make everyone unhappy
Those who take to politics are mostly very low type of thing very low mentality
They're good for nothing useless people you want to show that's all or my opinion is I draw
When it comes to sacrifices they cannot
They make everyone find
do all kinds of bad things that
Take advantage unions. They what are give the Union Street
Spoiling everybody's lives in ideas. Why don't I teach that? You should not drink what could have they done to people?
Labor class you. Just tell them not to bring that first English
Stop all the for the cops fatality was a real politician. I should say he went all out to stop all the
shops of wine and other trace in all
Then he stopped people buying foreign foods
Hand-woven hands, but everybody should wear whether you are a minister or anything. So a
Poor man can wear the same dress or the minister can bet
All kinds of things he tried
from a
Will be pointed there who they are not for you anything at all because they have no sense at all of anything
What tissues are no?
Don't have to be enlightened but how many politicians will take to sahaja yoga? Can we kick up even wha?
What did you say
That question of tricky see the thing is they will never even see they haven't got intelligence to see
That there is something beyond
Apart from tricking some may be good also, but they are not able to see that they have to go beyond these
So they may know what is research. It is not meant for TV. I
Don't think of any any one of them we take decided you are saying David
what's-his-name's they will speed steel take
I
Hope you take this on you know elections in sahaja yoga
It's again so being a low-level
I wish they could take to sahaja. Yoga would have spread much more no doubt, but they won't
Not a difficulty so should we go now? All right
All right, you have a program tonight yes, what is it
I don't know gummy knows better than me. When can I go but I would say it's a hot country or a cold country
It's a wet country
When does brain
I don't know. You just can't see yourself
And let me know whenever you say we do you could ask them in when actually I don't know I
Can do it 43 days or four days. This makes no difference to me
The only thing is this it should not be something all the way I go and let you can work out with me. Oh
How are you
Are you going back?
Reading
Why you what happened?
Other job in the RV is finished
And David starts working and brightening John Wayne October 1st of October
So we have a few weeks in London. So you are enjoying your holidays. Please come to Geneva with me
What a program what will you do? You know holiday, that's the best are you doing dinner? Huh? You can go because I'm going to
Basel near the house. We cannot stay there
You have any other plans
And it was left by mistake in Derbyshire so we kept it only for my
Dog this year
I
don't know where she got it and
the canals really have asked me to thank you very much for all that you've done and
And other than one time she's asked me to tell you that
Now you are leaving London is good. And then if you can come
I mean, I've got my passport I give you
You're looking oh, right
So
They told me I had another one
So now I
Going to
Return tomorrow
Because you see fast we've done the puja I can go for houses different points
But what I'm saying that I've done at these are there for these people requires. It's a runt
No, so what time is the programs I'm going to block?
All right, so I'll be there at 7:00 you start it off what is that
Yes, yes, I was wondering that
Romania John
These were the stands for that
There's a blue cobalt players with the gold on them from Hampstead
Yes, it says on these stands for more for welding the placement even put the plates on
But I wanted to have the exact name because these my husband liked it very much anything
You could bite every month or somehow whether the paint find out
Beautiful they make it themselves
well, I they sell it with the
And the truck also can be put
That's the kind of what I've seen but
Thank you very much we tied up good
It's nice man because you've been working so hard all night working
It's holily this work is all the doctors
and
hospitals man the Ironman infinity comic himself
Perhaps work at 19. So I think it's good. I think that means now
it's
There aren't enough people really it must be because they do have to work too much. It's not a balance
And we're already too much of writing them
too much of light you
Know then somebody take this which is share content
But for one minute
So may God bless you all. I hope to see you there this evening and be nice so
Hurry, you find out about this job. All right, I'll fix it up
When you have to stop the politics because politicized and let's make more of us
I think that is one of the things you are catching all the time apart from the left. Sorry Charles Hart here all the time
I better not
I
Hope she'll understand
There's nothing to follow them
So she's going to change the world until
She don't do what it is. It's no one to save the world. They only see the
Only way now
Is the only way you won't understand
She won't understand. You're this. I have to have brains our children. They are not intelligent enough to see that them saving means only
if socialism comes let them go to socialistic on
A sponsor for also tonight. Yes, Steve. What is it?
Oh, thank you now, what about
Anything more you want to do
Well stay I may be free just thankful to me huh tomorrow I may not be so much maybe in the data telephone to me
I also bring him because I want you to see me cry and also and
let's talk about
And who else wanted to see me as you all right
Telephone to meet tomorrow morning and I